[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a very special
guest for you today.
Captain Randy Cramer,
an officer who
has been given the authority
to address all of us
on behalf of the command staff
of the United States Marine
Corps.
He was very knowledgeable-- and
I'm going to emphasize this--
of President
Eisenhower's 1933 work
as a covert military
intelligence
branch with specific
authority over
extraterrestrial visitations.
How in the world did
you stumble into that?
>>RANDY CRAMER: On
purpose, as it were.
It wasn't really
my choice so much
as it was, me being engineered
genetically from the ground up
actually into the program since
the time before I was born,
really.
So I didn't really
pick and choose it.
>>NOORY: They picked it for you.
>>CRAMER: They decided they
wanted to genetically engineer
a bunch of people.
And I was in the
program or my parents
got selected to have
their genetic material put
into the program and I
got made out of that.
So yay for me.
>>NOORY: Why are you going
public with this, Randy?
>>CRAMER: My brigadier
asked me a number of years
ago, if I wanted to discuss my
story and covert military space
program affairs to the general
public, which I was not
necessarily eager
to do at the time.
But with some convincing,
decided that, OK, sure.
You want someone to be the PR
guy, I guess, I'll do that,
then.
>>NOORY: So this
shroud of secrecy
that we've heard so much
about, they basically
said for you, we're
taking off the gloves.
Go ahead.
>>CRAMER: It was determined
that the need for truth
was more important than
the need for secrecy.
So why we are still
unable to get--
well, let's just
say, we're working
towards the official
channels allowing
to have some open
discussions about disclosure.
But in lieu of that,
before we get there,
it was important to have
some personnel discuss
what's been going on, just
outside of that with sanction
from my superiors.
So not a whistleblower.
I've been harassed by my
superiors to discuss openly.
But we're still in
the realm of what
we call plausible deniability.
So you can go ahead
and ask questions
to the Air Force and the
Marine Corps and NASA
and there's still
an official denial.
But we decided it was
more important to start
disseminating the
information somehow,
so that people could get a
little more warmed up to what's
been going on.
>>NOORY: At what level did
this authority come from?
>>CRAMER: From the command
staff of United States Marine
Corps Special Sections.
That's a senior department
of a table full of generals.
>>NOORY: And tell us,
since your youth, how
this program evolved for you.
How did you get into it?
And what did they
plan to do with you?
>>CRAMER: I was created under
a soldier augmentation project.
So I was genetically engineered
to be a combat operative.
So I would be trained throughout
my childhood, my adolescence,
and then was sent
onto a deployment when
I was 17 years old,
for several decades.
>>NOORY: Did you have
a normal childhood?
>>CRAMER: Pretty normal.
>>NOORY: Did you play
baseball and stuff like that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
No, I went-- normal family.
Normal school.
They conduct the training
operations covertly.
Sometimes at night, when
everyone else is asleep.
Sometimes there's
some implants involved
so that some remote
information can be disseminated
to the subjects when
they're young, when
they're asleep in their beds.
>>NOORY: We have a
secret Space Force now.
>>CRAMER: Yes.
>>NOORY: That has been formed.
What do you think
its purpose is?
>>CRAMER: Well, its
purpose, I think, in general
is to allow there to be
a discussion about why
we need to have the
militarization of space.
That it's an arena in
which other countries
are starting to usher
and take some territory.
And the Chinese have
made it very clear
that they want to
have a facility
on the moon in a pretty
short amount of time.
India has launched a
lander not too long ago.
So other countries are
getting involved in the--
>>NOORY: Quickly, too.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
And in this isn't,
sort of, the overt
known military and
civilian space program.
So as those people encroach
and get closer and closer,
we need to exercise a little
bit more military muscle power.
And say, well, we
want to make sure
we're letting people
know we're involved
in satellite maintenance and
protection and cybersecurity
and whatever the next
generation or threshold
of being involved in the
militarization of space is.
So it's a very beginning
introduction of a conversation.
Whereas-- which is the case
with every military department,
you have what is discussed
publicly and then
you have what underneath that
is covert and not discussed
publicly.
>>NOORY: I think it's a great
idea to have a Space Force.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: For the defense
of the country alone,
it's a good idea.
Isn't it?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I think it's good to have
people who specialize
in the arena of
space and the things
that we have to deal with there.
You don't necessarily want to
give that to other departments
whose job is to primarily be
on the land or the sea or just
in the air.
You kind of want to make it a
special arena for specialists
who were specifically trained
and experienced in that area.
For sure, I think so.
>>NOORY: The announcement
of the Space Force
came under President Trump.
Who do you think or what
kind of presentation
was delivered to him for him
to make this announcement
of a Space Force?
>>CRAMER: That's
a good question.
I don't know that I could
answer specifically to that,
other than to say that I'm sure
that there are some admirals
and some generals who have been
presenting this information
to him and to others for years.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
>>CRAMER: And this
isn't something
that happened six months
ago or even three years ago
that someone would have
just come up with this idea.
This is something
that's been percolating
for well over a decade or two.
>>NOORY: This has been
on the planning stages.
>>CRAMER: For sure.
It's not something you
just snap your fingers
and go we're going to make a
new branch of the military.
It's something that had
to be some discussion
and thought about
for a long time.
>>NOORY: Do you think he was the
only president who bit with it
and said, OK, I'm
going to do this?
>>CRAMER: I don't think
he would be the only one.
I think he was the one
that ended up in the chair
at the time.
I think whoever would
have been in the chair
at the time would have
been the person who would
have been encouraged to do it.
>>NOORY: The privately
owned SpaceX has recently
launched two NASA astronauts
to the International Space
Station.
What does that
mean to all of us?
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.
Ignition.
Lift off for the Falcon
9 and Crew Dragon.
Go NASA!
Go SpaceX!
God speed, Bob and Doug!
- And so rises a new era
of American space flight.
And with it, the ambitions
of a new generation
continuing the dream.
20 seconds into flight stage
one propulsion is nominal.
- T plus 30 seconds into
this historic mission.
Flying crew on board Dragon and
Falcon 9 and look at them go.
- Falcon power
telemetry nominal.
- M1D throttle down.
- We're throttling
down to get ready
for the period of
maximum dynamic pressure.
We're in the throttle locker.
Reports say all systems are go.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That's exciting, Randy.
>>CRAMER: Very.
I think it;s significant that
we're seeing private space
industry getting further
and further along.
>>NOORY: You like that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
No, I think Elon Musk
is doing a great job.
And I think he's made quite
a bit of substantial progress
in the world of commercial
and private spaceflight.
That's important for us to make
it more economically efficient
and feasible so that
it can be something
that we can continue to
apply broader spectrum.
So that we can get
industry into space.
>>NOORY: Do you think NASA
should have continued, though,
our manned space program,
with our own rocketry system?
>>CRAMER: I think so, actually.
I don't think it's something
that should have been cut.
I think it's
something that should
have been given extra funding,
to be honest with you.
There are certain things
that certain departments
and operations who've
been at it for decades,
why in the world would you want
to cut them off and tell them
to stop doing their job, when
it's something that they've
been doing very
well for decades,
and then just hand it
off to some other people?
So I think that was
an unfortunate step,
but other people are coming in.
And we're going to make it
work out one way or the other.
>>NOORY: And we had to
rely on the Russians
to get anybody up into space.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
We had to get a
Soyuz, if we wanted
to get up to the
International Space Station.
Now we have some options.
>>NOORY: Well, that's true.
But, as you say, it's kind
of unfortunate as a nation--
as an organized
nation, we stopped
and we are relying
on privatization.
Because what happens one day, if
those private companies decide
we're not going to do this,
or we want more money,
or something like that?
>>CRAMER: Luckily, I think Elon
Musk is a very driven person.
And has made it
very clear that he
doesn't care how much
money of his own cash
that he spends on
space development.
That he will drop as
many billions of dollars
that he has lying around
because he believes in it
that strongly.
So I think, in that case, it's
good to have someone who's
dedicated to something, has the
billions of dollars to spend,
and doesn't seem to have any
reluctance at spending as much
as possible to make it happen.
>>NOORY: But he's
obviously doing it
for a return, don't you think?
>>CRAMER: He's a businessman
so I think he'd be--
>>NOORY: I don't think
he's wasting his money.
>>CRAMER: No.
No.
I don't think so, either.
But I think he's
incredibly driven.
I think that it's
listening to him talk.
It's one of the things
from his own childhood
that he wanted to see.
He wanted to see our own
society and civilization
get into space.
And then found himself
in an opportunity
where he had the
billions of dollars
that he could start
his own private rocket
company if he wanted to.
So I think he's a
smart businessman.
And he's certainly hoping
for financial return,
but I'm sure he's incredibly
driven for us getting out
into space.
And if he spends
his entire fortune
to help make that happen, I
think he'd be OK with that.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now these are programs we see.
What about the
ones we don't see?
What do you know?
>>CRAMER: Well, those are the
ones that are getting billions
and billions or even trillions
of dollars more of money that
are continuing to
develop vehicles--
>>NOORY: Black ops.
>>CRAMER: Continuing
to make base vehicles,
technological development
on covert technology
derived from the
reverse engineering
of extraterrestrial
technologies.
So magneto-gravitic,
electro-gravitic, propulsion
systems, vehicles that can
travel across the solar system,
across the galaxy.
>>NOORY: Are you part
of these programs?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
Spent my whole career
working with these programs
and working with these vehicles.
>>NOORY: What else
are they doing?
What's their motive
for these, Randy?
>>CRAMER: The motive is
self-sufficiency-- military
self-sufficiency.
So as long as we
are not militarily
self-sufficient when it comes
to our space-based technology,
we're dependent on other
people to watch our back,
help protect our perimeters.
Essentially, be a
babysitter for us.
And I can tell you that most
of the species that end up
playing the role of these
sort of babysitters,
don't want to do
it for very long.
They would much prefer that
the civilizations that they're
watching over become as
self-sufficient as quickly
as possible.
So given that we've
had a few decades--
like seven or more--
to be working on this,
we've made some progress.
And I would think
that it's safe for me
to say the space immediately
around the planet
and what covers most
of our solar system
is fairly well-protected by
the military space program
that we have at the moment.
Doesn't mean that
we're bullet-proof
or can't possibly be
harmed by anything.
But it means that we've achieved
a level of self-sufficiency.
We don't have to have other
people babysitting for us.
>>NOORY: If most Americans
knew about these programs
that you know about,
would they freak out?
>>CRAMER: Based on
the studies that we
have done looking at social
psychological demographics,
you have some people who are
readily available to accept
these things as, oh, I already
knew this has been going on
for some time.
>>NOORY: Right
>>CRAMER: And you have
a small percentage
of people who, I
think, are really
the most reluctant to accept.
I think we're
achieving that, kind
of, large level of
acceptance where
we're getting into those 70, 75,
80 percentile of the population
that if something were
to occur tomorrow,
they might be shocked.
They might be, oh, crud.
But I don't think they would be
so surprised that they wouldn't
be able to come to acceptance
in a very short period of time.
So I think given the
numbers we're looking at,
three quarters of the
population, if something were
to happen tomorrow, would go
into a state of acceptance
almost immediately.
>>NOORY: Have you
been into space?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: How far?
>>CRAMER: Oh, way far.
Outside the solar system.
>>NOORY: Well, what kind of
rocketry have you been in?
>>CRAMER: Well, they
don't use rocketry.
So most of the
propulsion systems
are a combination of
electro-gravitic and
magneto-gravitic.
So the electro-gravitic
phenomenon
is running a high voltage
electric frequency
through the fuselage
of the vehicle which
changes the weight.
So you have--
>>NOORY: Almost anti-gravity?
>>CRAMER: It does.
It makes it buoyant.
Think about a large metal
fuselage that's heavy
and then it's, all of a
sudden, buoyant because
of the electro-gravitic
phenomena.
The magneto-gravitics
is the mercury engine
that spins around,
creates a toroidal field
that gives you the sort of
actual lift and propulsion
that's the, sort of,
anti-gravity drive.
So a combination of
those two technologies
give you vehicles
that can travel
in space tremendous distances
and tremendous speeds.
>>NOORY: How far out?
And when you said way
out of our solar system,
I mean, to other planets?
Beyond?
>>CRAMER: We have made some
excursions out into the galaxy.
Visited some other worlds.
Visited some other star systems.
So yeah.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is it
fascinating out there?
>>CRAMER: It's amazing.
What I think is the most
amazing thing about the universe
at large, as I have
come to understand,
it's as if you took
every book, every movie,
every television show
that anyone's ever
made that professes some
understanding, where we thought
about a science fiction
extraterrestrial world,
shook it up in a giant ball,
and dropped it out on the floor,
and that's what you have.
That the universe
is really everything
that we've ever thought
that it ever could be.
And more things that we've
never thought that it could be.
>>NOORY: You're really,
Mork, aren't you?
>>CRAMER: No, no.
I'm from here.
>>NOORY: You sure?
>>CRAMER: I'm sure.
I'm from here.
>>NOORY: Now do these
programs continue with you?
Or are you done now?
Retired?
>>CRAMER: I'm acting as a public
relations officer at this time,
until at some other
point, that my job might
be something different.
So for the time being, my
job is to talk to people.
If at any point, someone wants
me to do something differently,
all they have to do is
give me different orders.
>>NOORY: Now, did you
come across anything
bizarre or unusual
on these travels?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Like all
the time, right?
>>CRAMER: All the time.
Really weird just becomes a
state of normal sometimes.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
come across anomalies?
Like, did you go
through a black hole
or come across another
universe or anything?
>>CRAMER: I guess,
nothing that strange.
But we certainly--
well, one of the things
I found fascinating
about being a pilot
was that space has weather.
So there are gash clouds.
There's actually high
and low pressure.
So there can be cyclones.
There can be winds.
Micro meteors.
There's this very interesting
phenomenon that causes,
instead of space to
be this static vacuum,
it's actually this
very busy active place
of high pressure
and low pressure
and this very, very
thin atmosphere.
But it's not breathable.
But the external
sensors in the vehicles
can show you this
tremendous variation,
which, again, can cause wind,
tornadoes, various, like, space
weather.
So I never would have
thought that that
would have been a thing that
I would have experienced.
But yes.
Space has actual weather.
>>NOORY: Scientists believe that
they may have found evidence
of a parallel universe.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[END PLAYBACK]
Randy, it's entirely possible
there are parallel universes.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
As it's been explained
to me, we live
in a state of understanding
our experience through time
and space and
dimension as something
that's unique to where
we are at the time.
But that it overlaps in layers
with other mathematical,
physiological energetic
layers of dimension frequency
and so forth.
So we're sitting in a room
experiencing a conversation,
which overlaps a
number of other rooms
in which other things, other
people, and other things
can also be occurring that
you and I don't experience
in this particular
density or frequency
that we're sitting in right now.
That's my understanding
of how it works, anyway.
>>NOORY: And what about
going back into time
through some of this?
>>CRAMER: Well, we
certainly understand, also
through some experimentation,
time travel's possible.
It's not my specialty, but
there are apparently ways--
>>NOORY: So you've not been
in a time traveling apparatus?
>>CRAMER: I have, but
it's not my specialty.
My understanding is
we have the ability
to look back and forth
through time through something
called a chronovisor.
A little helmet that you put on,
lets you see backwards in time.
And the ability to jump
people backwards in time
is also a thing
that has occurred.
There are programs that have
been involved with that--
Project Pegasus
and Andy Basiago.
Some people have heard of.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CRAMER: So not my forte.
But my understanding is, yes.
Time travel is also a thing.
>>NOORY: If the
American public truly
understood what was going
on beyond the realm of what
we think we know,
would they be in shock?
>>CRAMER: Again, I think
some people would be.
Some people wouldn't be.
I think it depends
on at what level--
some people, I
think, are a lot more
ready to accept that are
extraterrestrials that maybe
have been here, are here now.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>CRAMER: And you start
talking time travel,
there's some more people
that you might lose
who are going to be like, wait.
Time travel, that sounds
a little too ridiculous.
So there's always going
to be some technology that
sounds too far off for
certain people to believe.
But the farther we get
along into the universe
and understanding
what the possibility
of these technological
advances are,
as well as what we learn
and develop to use and apply
in our own military
space programs,
learning that the universe
is a very big place.
And possibility is something
that has a very big question
mark at the end.
And that it's the potential
of all of the variations
that we can imagine is
a lot more plausible
than a finite,
squared universe where
only certain limited
things can occur.
The more we know, the more
we know we don't know.
And the more we learn, the
bigger and more amazing
the universe is.
>>NOORY: Have you met
extraterrestrials?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
A few.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: You like them?
>>CRAMER: Some of them.
Some of them were very
nice and very pleasant.
Some of them were
total douchebags.
>>NOORY: Were they evil?
>>CRAMER: I think they're--
I've met a couple
that were pretty
selfish and narcissistically
sociopathic.
Sure.
>>NOORY: Are they from the
same planet as the good ones?
Or there's a bad planet
and a good planet?
>>CRAMER: It's usually
not that black or white.
A whole other species is not
usually either good or bad.
They are people.
And so you have people
with different intentions,
different belief systems
that can be both good and bad
and somewhere in the gray area.
I think there are some
species who tend to be more
socially cooperative.
And you have maybe
some other species
that tend to be
socially dysfunctional
and maybe bullyish.
So kind of can
depend on evolution.
Can sometimes just
depend on personality.
Or, I suppose, genetic
profiles, in some cases.
But I think it's
important to understand
that the universe
full of other beings
is just like a planet
full of people.
It's a lot of
different life forms
that think and do and believe
a lot of different things.
And you can't make it black and
white and say they're all good.
They're all bad.
It's just a mix of everything.
>>NOORY: And I want
to be honest with you,
you seem to be a very
decent, nice guy.
>>CRAMER: Off the battlefield,
I tend to be a very nice person.
On the battlefield,
I'm a monster.
>>NOORY: Well, you come
across as a nice guy.
But is there this
devious part of you?
You're in a program that does
some very strange things.
>>CRAMER: No, I don't think
there's a devious part of me.
I'm a marine that's trained
as a combat professional.
So you put the right tools
in my hand and tell me to sic
'em, and--
>>NOORY: Off you go.
>>CRAMER: Off I go.
That's what I do, so.
>>NOORY: There seems to be a
strange agenda on this planet,
these days, Randy.
What is it?
What's the end game here?
>>CRAMER: I think, without
going into a long explanation,
I think that we are looking
at the inevitable collision
of certain things
that have been going
on in the world for the
past seven decades or so.
You have this development of a
covert military apparatus that
has been very
separated from a lot
of the other military
apparatus and a lot
of the known executive and
legislative operations.
That, in some cases,
can be seen as separate
or even some rogue programs in
which this all sort of takes
place.
That there's this inevitable
collision of these realities
that we live in.
And that, at some point, all of
this commercial, conventional
space technology
is going to come
colliding with all of
this advanced space
technology and
extraterrestrial beings
in such a way that is
going to get everyone
to have to deal with
it in a way that's
not going to be optional.
I think that's the
inevitable point here.
And so I think that people
who are preparing for that,
are preparing for some
disclosure event in which we're
all going to have
to accept that we
live in a great big universe.
And it's not just us.
>>NOORY: Is there a deep
state agenda, in your opinion?
>>CRAMER: I think that--
again, I think that
sort of divides things
into some kind of
black and white,
which I think it's a
little more complicated.
When people say the
government or the deep state,
there's some idea that there
is this singular cohesive group
of people who are
all in agreement
about an agenda in
which they behave.
And I don't think
that that's true.
I think you have a
number of agencies,
a number of departments that
have individual agendas that
cooperate with each
other where they have to,
and in some cases, where they
want to, but in many cases,
compete and/or don't cooperate
where they don't want to
or don't have to.
So it's, kind of, really a
mess of different departments
and different people at the
head of different departments
who are pushing for
different agendas
based on what they think
is best for everyone.
Or, in some cases,
what some people think
is best for their
own pocketbook.
So we're also, again, seeing
the inevitable conflict
and collision of some of
those forces, as well.
And it's going to
work itself out
in what is probably going
to be a bit of a mess.
But it's, I think, that's
where we're approaching,
is that getting sorted out.
>>NOORY: We're going through
something that I never thought
would happen on this planet.
They say with a
vaccine that it's
a plan to put a little chips
in the vaccine to implant us.
They're happening
in Sweden right now.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Forget wearable technology.
Swedish office
worker Lin Kowalska
is having it implanted
under her skin.
A microchip about the
size of a grain of rice
is injected into her hand.
The radio frequency
identification chip
is made from Pyrex glass
and contains an antenna
and microchip, with
no need for batteries.
While some workers
may feel uneasy
at the prospect of
literally taking their work
home with them, the
designers say the chip
is completely safe and secure.
- I've just been chipped myself.
It's not a painless process,
but it doesn't last too long.
Not too difficult. Minor
surgical procedure,
which basically involves
a little chip the size of,
I suppose, of a grain of rice
being inserted under your skin.
And you can then go off
and have it programmed
and then do various things
inside the building.
Let's go to have a look.
Here's Hannes Sjoblad
who is in charge
of his whole chipping
operation in this building.
Now you've been
chipped yourself.
Where's your chip?
- Yeah.
I have a chip right
here which I use
to access the entire office.
- So let's see if we can get
into this particular door.
- This is how I do it.
No need for passcodes.
- And we're in.
- There's my chip right there.
- So you can actually see it.
- It's about the size
of a grain of rice.
And it feels like it, too.
But what that tiny
chip can and can't do
has become the source of
much concern and confusion.
- I was in a grocery store and
a couple of ladies say, hey.
You're the guy with
the chip in your arm.
Aren't you?
Run it across the
scanner so we'll
see if we get a
discount on groceries.
- Sean Darks is the
CEO of CityWatcher.com,
a small company in Cincinnati,
that's the first US business
to use chip implants
in its employees.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Are they crazy?
Getting chipped?
Have you been chipped?
>>CRAMER: I've got implants
in my body all over the place,
but that's part of my job.
So I'm not worried about
that for me, personally.
Elon Musk is talking about
developing a neurolink
that they want to work on--
>>NOORY: Right.
They want to put
that in the brain.
>>CRAMER: --the ability to
have something in your brain
that you can hook right up
into your device or something
like that.
So I don't know that people
are crazy for thinking
about such things or
developing such things.
It's an inevitability
that as we get
certain technological
advancements,
some people are going
to want to do whatever
that they can with them.
When we come up with the
ability to implant people
with cybernetic
super eyeballs that
can see across the
electromagnetic spectrum,
someone's going to pay to get
one installed in their head.
Because they're going to
think it's a cool enough idea.
It doesn't mean that
everybody should
or that it's a great idea.
But as far as putting a chip
into a vaccine or something,
that's incredibly
cost prohibitive.
You're talking about needing
to make billions of chips
because you have
to put in, like,
1,000 nanobots into
a person's body
to be able to create a
transmittable signal that's
viable, if you're
talking about--
>>NOORY: Which is
what they want.
>>CRAMER: Right.
But you have to
be talking about,
like, nano chips that are so
tiny that you can't see them
in the vial.
And they're very expensive.
And why go through
that expense when
you, pretty much, are
tracking everybody just fine
by their phone?
Everybody is, pretty much,
telling the intelligence
agencies where you
are and what you
think about everything, just
by what you put on your phone.
Why have to spend a bunch
of money putting chips
in people when everyone's
walking around with their phone
providing all of
that information?
So it's something
that's feasible to do.
I think it's cost prohibitive.
And why bother doing
it, like I said,
when you can just track
everybody by their phone?
>>NOORY: Is this the
sign of the beast that's
in the Book of Revelation?
>>CRAMER: I don't think so.
No.
I think that that's reaching
into apocalyptic conspiracy
theories and a place that
I wouldn't subscribe to.
>>NOORY: You don't go there.
>>CRAMER: No.
I think that it's non-accurately
assessing tactical thinking,
if I want to be nice about it.
>>NOORY: What if you were
a plant by the government
to go forward and to
convince us to get chips
and that all this was great?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I'm
definitely not going
to convince people to get chips.
I would not be a person
who would suggest go out
and get a microchip
planted in you.
I wouldn't suggest that at all.
If it were available technology
that's a personal choice,
then people would have to decide
whether they were going to make
or not.
But I'm certainly
not here to advocate
to people that they go ahead
and do something like that.
That's not my job.
>>NOORY: What is your job?
>>CRAMER: My job is
to go down the bullet
points of what the
command staff would like
me to disseminate to people.
That they think that
they should know about
what's happening in covert
military space program
activities, disclosure
events, and what
the near future of a
post-disclosure environment
most likely is
going to look like.
>>NOORY: How do they benefit
by having you do this?
>>CRAMER: Hopefully,
by having people
a little softened up to the
idea so there's less shock.
There's less surprise
and less panic.
>>NOORY: It's going to happen.
Isn't it?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
It's inevitable.
>>NOORY: No stopping it.
>>CRAMER: No.
None at all.
Pumping the gas, not
pumping the brakes.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
What kind of a
world will we have
in the next 15 years, 20 years?
>>CRAMER: I think we're going to
be in a post-disclosure world.
Which means the travel
embargo, the trade embargo,
and the information
embargoes will all be down.
And so we will be able
to travel to and for.
We will be getting
information from all
over the intergalactic
community.
And our economy
will boom because we
will be trading with the
intergalactic community.
Selling them all the
cool stuff that we make.
>>NOORY: Why doesn't this
intergalactic community
merely come down here,
wipe out coronavirus,
and get this planet
back to normal, again?
>>CRAMER: Well, because
there's some rules about how
civilized worlds have
to conduct themselves
as they grow into the
intergalactic community.
And it's not up to a
bunch of other people
outside of our own system
to come and tell us
how we're going to do things.
There are some agreements about
how we should do things or even
some treaties that we've
signed on how we're
going to do things over time.
But it's up to us to
have our own sovereignty
to be able to decide how we
want to make this happen.
To look at our own social
psychological demographics
of human beings on planet
Earth and figure out
the best way for us to walk
everybody through that process.
Instead of thinking that
somebody who's not from here
has the ability to understand
us well enough to tell us
how to go through the process.
So while I get that
to some people,
it seems like a
solution-oriented thing to have
someone else come down
here and clean it all up--
>>NOORY: Please.
>>CRAMER: Polish it up and
say there, it's all done--
it just doesn't get
to work that way.
We get to solve
our own problems.
And we get to walk
through it our own way.
And we get to come to
that place in a way
that we've decided through
our own sovereignty.
>>NOORY: Is there an upside
to all the stuff that's
happening to us right now?
>>CRAMER: I think so.
Again, a post-disclosure
environment
is one in which the
economy is thriving.
Advanced technology is going
into the industrial world
and into the private sector.
And the embargoes on travel
and information disappear.
And so we have access to
greater data and information
from all over the
intergalactic community.
We have the ability to
trade more of our stuff
to the intergalactic
community and from
the intergalactic community.
And get to travel
outside of our own system
and start making vacation
plans to other planets.
So I consider those all upsides.
>>NOORY: What has been the
most fascinating place you have
journeyed to out into space?
>>CRAMER: That's a tough call.
There is this really
lovely little planet
in the Cassiopaean
system called Sonora.
And it's--
>>NOORY: Inhabitable.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
It has a full blown
civilization of humanoids
that are very, very similar to
you and I. Except their eyes
are actually
significantly different.
They have a swirly pupil,
instead of around pupil.
So other than the eyeballs,
they would look practically
identical to you and I.
They're similar to
us in a lot of ways
that while being a very
different and unique place,
it's also kind of like home.
So yeah.
It's like visiting someone
who's a biogenetic relative
of some kind, from
somewhere very far away.
So it's, like I said,
some parts of it
are really reminiscent
of home, while also being
very alien and very different.
So beautiful place.
>>NOORY: Where are they on the
advancement pole next to us?
>>CRAMER: I would
say that their--
I would say that their
mental psionic evolution
is a little bit more
advanced than where we are.
But they're not really a
militarized civilization.
So their development
in private technology,
industrial technology is
commensurate with some
of what we can do--
our most advanced
industrial capabilities.
But we certainly
have a higher level
of military-grade
technology than they
do because it's something
that they haven't really
spent time developing.
So that's true with a
lot of different species.
You don't necessarily have
this very cut and dry,
they're more advanced,
then we are less advanced.
You have some things that
they may be more advanced
and in some things that we
may actually have some level
of advancement that
someone else doesn't.
So it can be an
interesting mix of what's
more advanced or
less advanced based
on personal evolution,
genetic evolution,
social psychological
psionic evolution,
and technological applications.
>>NOORY: Randy, should we be
concerned about any warring
civilizations out there?
>>CRAMER: Always.
>>NOORY: Really?
Always.
We have what we-- as we
get out into the universe
and we come across
more species, we
come up with what is
a 95%, 5% breakdown.
Which is about 95% of the
species that we run into,
pretty much, friendly.
Would like to just trade
goods and services.
>>NOORY: They've reached
an evolutionary scale.
>>CRAMER: Well, or they just
have a social development scale
that they say trade is
better than punching people
in the face.
And so about 95% of most
species would rather trade
than get into a scuffle.
>>NOORY: But that other 5%.
>>CRAMER: That 5%
that we're always
going to have to have a strong
defense for and always be
looking over our shoulder for.
Because they're just out there.
>>NOORY: What
makes them so evil?
>>CRAMER: You know, evil
is an interesting word.
I think it's self-interest above
and beyond a moral and ethical
standard that most species have.
I think, again, that 95%, 5%--
that 95%, most species have
a certain ethical and moral
standard that you just don't
go kick somebody in the face
and take their stuff.
But that 5% may just be,
hey, social Darwinism
in the universe says if I'm
big enough and strong enough,
I'm perfectly entitled
to kick you in the face
and take your stuff.
So it comes from just a change
in ethical and moral belief
systems.
And whether you think it's OK
to just take people's stuff
or not.
>>NOORY: Is that 5% aware of us?
>>CRAMER: Oh, the farther
we get out into space,
the more species become
aware of us, for sure.
>>NOORY: Is that a good
thing for us to do?
We're literally broadcasting
where we're coming from.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I think overall, it's
a positive thing.
Because it gets us more friends,
more neighbors, more trade
partners.
But, again, the more
you get out there, sure.
You're going to run into
some of those problem
children and the bad actors.
And that's why we have a strong
military to deal with that.
Because it's just
going to happen.
>>NOORY: Can we
really fight back--
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: An
extraterrestrial force
that has the
ability to get here?
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
We're--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CRAMER: We've made some
pretty amazing advancements
over the last number of decades.
So I think it's important
to make a point.
Some species-- in fact,
a lot of species--
will develop a technology--
let's say, a spaceship,
for instance--
and if it functions
and it works,
they're not going to change it
for centuries, sometimes even
thousands of years.
So you have species
out there who
are driving around
the same spaceship
that they've been driving around
for the past 2,000, 3,000,
4,000, 5,000 years.
Whereas we, as a
species, turn out
to be a minority among the
intergalactic community, where
we have a creative desire
to build things better
five seconds after we're
done building the last one
that we built.
So what we have
done in six decades,
seven decades is go centuries
beyond what some species
have done in hundreds or
even thousands of years.
Because they just don't
have the same interest
to change and make better and
develop and create than we do.
So we've actually
taken the technology
that we have acquired from these
early extraterrestrial reverse
engineering programs all
the way back to the '40s
and we've run crazy with it.
So as we've entered into
the intergalactic community
now, for almost
3/4 of a century,
we've made significant progress.
And we actually can stand
on our own two feet.
And there are more
species than not that are
in this corner of the
galaxy that have no desire
to test us militarily.
>>NOORY: Randy, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>CRAMER: Thank you so much
for having me here, George.
>>NOORY: Fascinating discussion.
Well, there you have it.
A secret Space Force.
Out there to protect us?
Or not?
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]